Customer Information
Email Address
Phone Number
Business Address 1
RC Number
Account Type

NB: Turnover bands

    UBA Micro Business Account: 2.5million - 9.99million
    UBA Small Business Account: 10million - 49.99million
    UBA Macro Business Account: 50million - 100million
    UBA Corporate Account: 0 - Infinity


    Investors

Our financial reports, share information, analyst reports, credit ratings, etc. are available here.
Global Investor Services

UBA GIS is a sub-regional service provider offering custody in Nigeria and the 8 francophone countries.

CEO’s Overview

A repository of our CEO’s Annual Overview on performance, goals and strategy.

Credit Ratings

Credit ratings provide opinions on the relative ability of an entity to meet its financial commitments.

About UBA

United Bank for Africa (UBA) PLC is a leading pan-African financial services institution with a global footprint.

History

Learn about our origins, foundations and beginnings.

Leadership

The management team of the group is made up of a crop of seasoned and industry-recognized professionals.

Business Focus

Our business strategy is built on being the bank of choice for businesses across the African continent.


Awards

Over the years, we have been honored with distinguished awards and prizes.

Alliances

UBA PLC has engaged in some key strategic alliances.

UBA Service Charter

To do more than is expected and delight our customers at every interaction


Careers

We are a tribe with an innate sense of identity and belonging.

PERSONAL

BORROWING
    Vacation Finance
    Access Agent Loan
    Access Device Financing
    Access more mileage
    Advance for School Fees
    Cash-Backed Loan
    Consumer Asset Lease
    Creative Sector Loan
    Eazy Buy Finance Scheme
    Home Loan
    Lending Against Turnover (LATO)
    MHSS
    Payday loan
    Personal Loan
    Quickbucks
    Salary Advance
    Small Ticket Personal Loans
    Vehicle Finance
    W Power Loan

Bank Accounts

    Savings Account
    Salary Accounts
    Current Account
    Private Banking
    Domiciliary Account
    Diaspora Banking
    EazySave Account
    Save4me Account
    Zenith Children’s Account
    Aspire Account
    Zenith Timeless Account
    Zenith Eazy Account
    Loans

Ways To Bank

    966 EazyBanking
    Mobile Banking
    Internet Banking
    Zenith Scan to Pay
    Cards
    ZiVA
    Branch
    ATM

Cards

    Virtual Card
    Debit Cards
    Credit Cards
    Prepaid Cards
    VISA Direct
    Travel Notification Portal
    Card Request Portal

Electronic Banking

    Zenith Direct
    Internet Banking
    Mobile App
    Scan to Pay
    POS
    Create Hardware Token Pin
    Zenith SWIFTPay
    Zenith International Money Transfer




EVERYDAY Account

    Community Current Account
    Diamond School Advantage
    Domiciliary Account
    Evergreen Account
    Everyday Banking
    Gold Current Account
    Individual Current Account
    Premium Current Account
    Solo Account


BUSINESS
    Corporate Account
    Domiciliary Account
    MPower Biz Account
    SME Gold Current Account



We recognize that good corporate governance is fundamental to earning and retaining the confidence and trust of our stakeholders
Introduction

Access Bank Plc (‘the Bank’) recognizes that good corporate governance is fundamental to earning and retaining the confidence and trust of its stakeholders. It provides the structure through which the objectives of the Bank are set and the means to attaining those objectives.

The Codes of Corporate Governance for Banks in Nigeria Post Consolidation issued by the Central Bank of Nigeria, the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Code of Best Practice and Access Bank’s Principles of Corporate Governance collectively provide the basis for promoting sound corporate governance in the Bank. The Bank’s subsidiary entities are guided by these principles in their governance frameworks and also meet the requirements of their respective jurisdictions to ensure local compliance. The Group’s governance framework helps the Board to discharge its role of providing oversight and strategic counsel in balance with its responsibility to ensure conformance with regulatory requirements and acceptable risk.

Compliance with all applicable legislation, regulations, standards and codes is an essential characteristic of the Bank’s culture. The Board monitors compliance with these by means of management reports, which include information on any significant interaction with key stakeholders.
Governance Structure

Shareholders’ Meeting: Shareholders meetings are duly convened and held in line with the Bank’s Articles of Association and existing statutory and regulatory regimes in an open manner, for the purpose of deliberating on issues affecting the Bank’s strategic direction.

This occurs through a fair and transparent process and also serves as a medium for fostering interaction between the Board, Management and Shareholders. Attendance at the Annual General Meeting is open to shareholders or their proxies while proceedings at such meetings are usually monitored by members of the press, representatives of the Nigerian Stock Exchange, Central Bank of Nigeria and Securities and Exchange Commission. The Board ensures that shareholders are provided with adequate notice of the Meeting. An Extraordinary General Meeting may also be convened at the request of the Board or Shareholders holding not less than 10% of the Bank’s paid- up capital.


https://unpkg.com/ionicons@5.4.0/dist/ionicons.js

  We offer industry specific banking services with excellence…
With experts who have relevant industry experience, you are rest assured that navigating the financial complexity of your industry will be easy and convenient. Whatever your needs, we have a professional for you.

Easy access, easy service and extremely personal, that is how our personal banking services are tailored for you. It’s also available when you need it. Discover our effective personal offerings that work.